What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When you initialize a repository, a .git folder is created to track changes, but no commits are
made.  You can initialize a repo in an empty directory or a directory containing files, but none
of the files are automatically committed.  Without performing this, the directory is just a
directory and no git commands will work, and no history will be tracked.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area does not allow modifications, but does not permanently save or commit any changes
either.  It provides an additional layer of separation between the development area and the repo
to prevent unintentional/unthoughtful commits, as well as providing an easy way to commit only
related changes, even though other unrelated changes may have been made in the working dir.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
You can commit or exclude individual changes, even from within a single file, which allows you
to ensure all changes in a commit only belong to one logical change.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How
would branches help?
Branches would be helpful when developing many unique features on a large project.  Each feature
can have its own branch so the history of each component is separate.  If an issue with a specific
feature arises in the future, or a modification needs to be tracked down, there will be an obvious
starting point on where to look.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams help show relationships among commits, particularly who ancestor commits are.  This allows
the commits to each branch to be tracked back to a common point, which allows you to determine
which commits are unique to each branch and must be merged.  It also helps you find unreachable
branches.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way
we do?
Merging the two branches combines all the commits from two branches into one branch.  It is represented in the diagram that way to show how the two branches were split, then come back together, and
ultimately how the coin branch was removed, but the commits remained accessible from master.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Auto merging makes merges faster and easier, but introduces room for incorrect merging situations,
which conflicts come out of.  Git cannot know what to do when two programmers modify the same line.
With manual merges, more time is required, every possible outcome is verified by a person.  This
could become tedious for trivial merges like additions.
